crazy
Damn you dare to kill my brother sit here for me
Come on, don't be afraid
Hit me, hit me, I'll pay you protection money
Don't think it will collapse if you can hit the small one.
I follow the wind
You dare to offend Lord Feng in the north
Your nine clans are not enough to kill
Master Feng
What is it? He is His Highness the Emperor of Beidu
Nicknamed Crazy
He slashed it in one go
The ruthless man of a mercenary army
The queen bee has a few catties and a few taels.
Even if he is here, he can only be in this handrail
I'm afraid you don't know the origin of Maple Leaf
He is the sword lord of the Kowloon Palace
Lord Jian Zun is the most terrifying king in the world
Just blow your breath and it becomes extinguished, you guy
Then you know
What am I?
I don't care who you are
If you don't kneel down and apologize today
I immediately called Master Feng over
Okay, you can call him over, lady boss
Another order of fried noodles